Update documentation of ``max_pyver`` test option (#5411)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/development_guide/testing.rst

test runner. The following options are currently supported:

    "min_pyver": Minimal python version required to run the test

>     "max_pyver": Python version from which the test won't be run. Setting to 3.10 will exclude 3.10.1 as well.

Reviewer: ```
Setting to 3.10 will exclude 3.10.1 as well.
```
I think that is obvious. I believe it would be more helpful to look at it from the other way round.

```
If the last supported version is 3.9 -> set it to 3.10
```

Author: ```suggestion
    "max_pyver": Python version from which the test won't be run. If the last supported version is 3.9 this setting should be set to 3.10.
```
